[Core/UX] Add Job API and support managed job (both on-demand and spot) (#3419)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/yaml-spec.rst

      # If unspecified, defaults to False (on-demand instances).
      use_spot: False

>       # The recovery strategy for managed jobs (optional).

Reviewer: For discussion: How about we hide this field since the default EAGER_NEXT_REGION has been working well?

>       # The recovery strategy for managed jobs (optional).
>       # For now, only `FAILOVER` and `EAGER_NEXT_REGION` strategy is supported.
>       # If `FAILOVER` is specified, the job will be restarted in the same region
>       # if the node fails, and go to the next region if no available resources
>       # are found in the same region. If `EAGER_NEXT_REGION` is specified, the
>       # job will go to the next region directly if the node fails. This is
>       # useful for spot instances, as in practice, preemptions in a region
>       # usually indicate a shortage of resources in that region.
>       # For managed jobs, default: EAGER_NEXT_REGION
>       job_recovery: none

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # The recovery strategy for managed jobs (optional).
      #
      # In effect for managed jobs. Possible values are `FAILOVER` and `EAGER_NEXT_REGION`.
      #
      # If `FAILOVER` is specified, the job will be restarted in the same region
      # if the node fails, and go to the next region if no available resources
      # are found in the same region. 
      #
      # If `EAGER_NEXT_REGION` is specified, the
      # job will go to the next region directly if the node fails. This is
      # useful for spot instances, as in practice, preemptions in a region
      # usually indicate a shortage of resources in that region.
      #
      # , default: EAGER_NEXT_REGION
      job_recovery: none
```
Paragraph spacing (important for readability & consistency across repo).

      # If unspecified, defaults to False (on-demand instances).
      use_spot: False

      # The recovery strategy for managed jobs (optional).
      #
      # In effect for managed jobs. Possible values are `FAILOVER` and `EAGER_NEXT_REGION`.
      #
      # If `FAILOVER` is specified, the job will be restarted in the same region
      # if the node fails, and go to the next region if no available resources
      # are found in the same region. 
      #
      # If `EAGER_NEXT_REGION` is specified, the
      # job will go to the next region directly if the node fails. This is
      # useful for spot instances, as in practice, preemptions in a region

>       # usually indicate a shortage of resources in that region.

Reviewer: nit: format each para
